Well spending time in tutorial was a lot of fun.
The real learning starts whenever we start creating the project.
So this is gonna be our first project.
We're going to use the knowledge that we learn about email to create our first site on the site is gonna
be very basic.
WE'RE ALL GONNA USE ONLY age email in the site.
Well when I say only age email there's gonna be tiny bit now neither side is gonna start off with a
logo and then I'm going gonna have a few pages then let's say for the homepage there's gonna be big
banner image.
Then we're looking for headings with future product and then let's say there's gonna be some kind of
product or every product we're gonna have the details not the details is gonna be a link that's just
gonna go to Wikipedia or as you can see we will then open it up in the new tab.
Now there's gonna be three of them.
There's gonna be house blend French roast and Colombian roast as well as all the way at the bottom we're
gonna have link that's gonna scroll all the way up to the top of the page.
Now this would be the homepage and we're looking for the about page.
Again the navigation and the image is gonna be exactly the same as well as the background.
However here we're going to have just some text about the company.
Again we can click on back to the top and we're gonna be brought back to the top then in the numbers
we're gonna have the table where there's just gonna be a little bit of information about the stores
of the company and then we can scroll back to the top.
Last but not least there's going to be contact where we have the contact form now in the contact form
we can just enter some kind of information.
Again let me read some gibberish.
And obviously once we're gonna embedded this is gonna be displayed in your URL but we're not gonna be
collecting this data in any way shape or form.
Again we can go back to the home page and this is gonna be our homepage.
So this is going to be our project.
I hope you guys enjoy it.
And let's start working on it.